Dev/update contributing file (#22)
Kitware/SMQTK-Image-IO: CONTRIBUTING.md

Contributing to SMQTK-Image-IO
==============================

Please reference the [SMQTK-Core contributing documentation](https://github.com/Kitware/SMQTK-Core/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> as that same process is applicable here, of course replacing uses of `smqtk-core` with

Reviewer: The wording "same process" doesn't really apply here as copy-pasted from, I'm imagining, the `release_process` doc. 

Maybe something more like:
```suggestion
as that same content is applicable here, of course replacing references to `smqtk-core` with
```
